feat: Generate remediation vars and playbook from the analysis role (#361)
oamg/ansible-leapp: roles/remediate/README.md

The `remediation` role is to assist in the remediation of a system. This role contains multiple playbooks that can be used to remediate a system for a specific inhibitors that are found during the pre-upgrade analysis.

**IMPORTANT:** Not all remediations are applicable to all upgrade paths, see the remediation variables list below.

## Running Remediation Generated from the Analysis Role

Analysis role generates hostvars files for each node that runs pre-upgrade.
It reads pre-upgrade reports and matches found inhibitors to available remediations.

`analysis` role creates the directory `host_vars` in the path from which you run your analysis playbook.
It generates variable files that set the `leapp_remediation_todo` variable with available remediations for existing inhibitors, based on each node's pre-upgrade report.

> The role also generates a `remediate.yml` playbook that you can run to run remediation for all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role also generates a `remediate.yml` playbook that you can use to run remediation for all nodes.
```

**Use at your own risk!**
Note that remediations that this role provides example remediations for the very common scenarios.
Some remediations can be destructive, some might not do what is needed exactly at your case.

> It is your responsibility to verify that what they do is suitable for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Note that this role provides remediations for the most common scenarios. Some remediations can be destructive and others might not do exactly what is needed in your case. It is your responsibility to verify that they are suitable for your environment.
```

Reviewer: It is in our other READMEs so I wanted it to be consistent. It is even in the https://github.com/redhat-cop/infra.leapp/blob/main/README.md

### Running Remediations

> To run remediations generated by running the analysis role, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the remediations generated by the analysis role, complete the following steps:
```

> 1. After running the analysis role, view if it has generated any variables files at the directory from where which you run the role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After running the analysis role, view if it has generated any variables files at the directory from which you run the role:
```

    ```
    $ ls host_vars
    ```

2. If yes, view the generated files and the variables that they set.
Each variable represents a task file within this role's `tasks` directory.

> View which tasks are suggested to be run to fix found inhibitors, modify to your needs or write new tasks if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If there were any files generated, review the variables that they set.
Each variable represents a task file within this role's `tasks` directory.
Review which tasks are *suggested to be run* to fix found inhibitors, modify based on your preferences.
```

> 3. Run the playbook `remediate.yml` that the analysis role generated at the directory from where which you run the role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Execute the playbook `remediate.yml` that was generated by the analysis role in the directory from which you've run it:
```

Reviewer: the `where which` is still wrong I think.
